Update data_analysis.md (#539)
elixir-europe/rdmkit: pages/your_problem/data_analysis.md

* Use workflow management systems. [Scientific Workflow management systems](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scientific_workflow_system) will help you organize and automate how computational tools are to be executed. Compared to composing tools using a standalone script, workflow systems also help document the different computational analyses applied to your data, and can help with scalability, such as cloud execution. Reproducibility is also enhanced by the use of workflows, as they typically have bindings for specifying software packages or containers for the tools you use from the workflow, allowing others to re-run your workflow without needing to pre-install every piece of software it needs. It is a flourishing field and [many other workflow management systems](https://s.apache.org/existing-workflow-systems) are available, some of which are general-purpose (e.g. any command line tool), while others are domain-specific and have tighter tool integration. Among the many workflow management systems available, one can mention 

>    * Workflow platforms that manage your data and provide an interface (WEB, APIs) for running and reviewing the results of tools and workflows. For instance, [Galaxy]( https://galaxyproject.org/) and [Arvados]( https://arvados.org) ([CWL-based]( https://www.commonwl.org), open source).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * Workflow platforms that manage your data and provide an interface (web, GUI, APIs) to run complex pipelines and review their results. For instance: [Galaxy]( https://galaxyproject.org/) and [Arvados]( https://arvados.org) ([CWL-based]( https://www.commonwl.org), open source).
```

>    * Workflow runners that take a workflow written in a proprietary or standardized form (such as [CWL standard]( https://www.commonwl.org)) and execute it either locally or on another system or systems. For instance, toil-cwl-runner, the reference CWL runner (cwltool), [Nextflow]( https://www.nextflow.io/), [Snakemake]( https://snakemake.readthedocs.io/), Cromwell.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * Workflow runners that take a workflow written in a proprietary or standardized format (such as the [CWL standard]( https://www.commonwl.org)) and execute it locally or on a remote compute infrastructure. For instance, toil-cwl-runner, the reference CWL runner (cwltool), [Nextflow]( https://www.nextflow.io/), [Snakemake]( https://snakemake.readthedocs.io/), Cromwell.
```
